The Irishman (2019, Martin Scorsese) - finished watching on Netflix on 11th July 2024, 12.10am. Good movie I liked it. Some good soundtrack including "The Time is Now" by The Golddiggers and "In the Still of the Night" by The Five Satins. Took the SOA FAM exam today. I think I did badly. Had dinner with Jimmy Flaherty at Huaraches Moroleon. Also watched Rick and Morty S05E05 at 1am. 

15th July 2024, Monday - Finished reading "Dune - House Atreides" today. Have been working on it the past 3-4 weeks or so, can't remember when I started, might have been after I got back from NYC. Have been working on the Dune books this summer, though mostly the prequels by Brian Herbert - the 3 books on the war against the thinking machines, House Harkonnen, and now House Atreides. I should get the House Corrino book next, or maybe I should read Heretics of Dune by Frank Herbert. Resumed drinking the Kirkland Bordeaux Superieur (blue label) red wine. It is really bland. Do not buy again. Did exam P questions 121-150 in the morning. Started packing my stuff and moved some of it to the storage. It was super hot today. Did exam P questions 151-180 in the evening. Some of them feel kind of non-trivial and I was puzzled over a few questions for quite a while. Made 3 mistakes in each. I should review the mistakes. Listening to ELO as I drink my wine. It reminds me of the early days in this apartment at the start of fall semester almost 2 years ago. How far we have come. 

20th July 2024, Saturday - Watched Rick and Morty "A Rickconvenient Mort" which had a nice song in it: "I am the antichrist to you" by Kishi Bashi. Watched "The Vault" on Netflix which had Freddie Highmore in it but was otherwise unremarkable.

21st July 2024, Sunday - I had 3 strange dreams last night, 2 kind of connected during the main part of sleeping and one more between 9am-11.40am after I turned off the aircon and went back to sleep. 

In the first dream, I was trying to ask Dr Kovalev some math questions right after a long lecture/supervision. He kind of told me to go to his house, which looked like a Singapore HDB flat. When I got there he wasn't there yet but somehow I managed to get inside the living room. I was tired so I took a nap on what I thought was the couch. I then woke up and soon after Dr Kovalev arrived. He seemed to be trying to avoid answering my questions, saying he was tired and then he proceeded to take a nap on the couch as well, which I was horrified to discover actually looked more like his bed. It had a pile of blankets and even a (green coloured?) bolster on it. Also strangely the bed was in the living room (but it did not look like how my living room here in UIUC is currently configured with my bed in it - the living room/bedroom of the HDB flat looked possibly abit like the flat in Pasir Ris). Dr Kovalev closed all the curtains and turned off all the lights to sleep but he did not turn off the TV or even mute the TV so I sat there watching TV waiting for him to get him. A while later he did get up but continued to avoid answering my questions, instead just walking around the flat. I decided to walk around too (and maybe leave?). I walked presumably towards the main entrance/exit which somehow required me to walk through the kitchen area which was very old style HDB. There was an asian woman in there who looked quite sad and tired. She was stir frying vegetables for Dr Kovalev's dinner. It seemed obvious she was his wife (unlike in real life where we all know his wife is some tall German/Russian woman that everyone has seen him walking around with in Cambridge who is much younger than him). 

In the second dream, I was in a big assembly hall, kind of like the one in Tao Nan School or Raffles (secondary side) but oriented in an opposite fashion somehow. Rasmussen was sitting on one of the white plastic chairs reserved for teachers. We had just eaten lunch (that maybe I cooked? or we just ate something together). He was quite focused on something happening on stage/at the front of the assembly hall. I bent down and asked him if he would like pineapple. He smiled and said "yes but only if you can give me two and a half slices". I said "sure" and went to fetch him his pineapple. Somehow I found myself in a kitchen very much like what the Lor K kitchen used to look like when we all lived there before the renovation, though it also seemed clear that the kitchen was right next to/adjoined to the assembly hall, not far away in Lor K. I opened the fridge which was also our old fridge, and took out 2 clear plastic bags of cut pineapple. One of them contained what looked like two and a half slices of pineapple but broken into five half-pieces and possibly abit frozen too. I decided that would satisfy Rasmussen's requirements. I took some pineapple from the other bag for myself. Those looked less yellow and sweet and juicy somehow. My pineapple I placed on a plate I got from the plate drying rack just like back in Lor K. It was unclear what I did with Rasmussen's pineapple. At first I thought I put it on a nicer plate but by the time I got back to him in the assembly hall, his pineapple was in an old Pringles cylinder. In fact, it was a Pizza flavoured Pringles cylinder so it suddenly became clear that I had finished eating the Pizza flavoured Pringles Maya gave me at the end of the spring semester and used that to store Rasmussen's pineapple. I thought there were no more Pringles in it but it was still coated with salt and other pizza flavourings. Rasmussen didn't seem to mind eating salty pizza flavoured pineapple though. I looked away for just a moment and suddenly Rasmussen was eating Pringles out of the container which were slightly soggy and soaked with pineapple juices. I was slightly alarmed but Rasmussen seemed totally happy eating the Pringles. So I decided to leave the assembly hall, which was apparently below ground (though I was quite sure it initially appeared above ground like in Tao Nan or Raffles). In any case I had to walk up a short flight of stairs from below ground level and at that moment a zombie apocalypse started and I saw people turning into zombies. Somehow I anticipated this and started running away from the assembly hall, out across a field that looked possibly like the Bishan field next to the bus interchange on the way to MOELC before they built that huge condo. People were turning into zombies left right center. That was the end of the second dream.

In the third dream, I was in Gugu and Uncle's flat in Sengkang, which looked abandoned like they were moving out. There were a few drawers all over the place and the walls and floors were raw concrete. I opened a few drawers (was Atish there? he might have been there since he likes opening drawers) and found a bottle of nice red wine in one of them. Suddenly someone appeared that might have been Dr Soon (???) or perhaps the Lor H neighbour Bryan. Whoever that person was, they invited me for dinner at their place with their wife and my parents. Their place wasn't far away, it was in a strange mixed up area that was somehow simultaneously like Eunos, Pasir Ris and Sengkang but also shaped and positioned nothing like these. There was a new yellow coloured LRT thing on the map. My parents were originally thinking of taking that but I said I can drive it is not far. So the Bryan/Dr Soon person went ahead home with his wife to prepare for the dinner while I went to my car (my actual old white Honda that I am currently driving) and started driving me and my parents over as well. Somehow there was something wrong with the car and no matter how hard I tried to accelerate, I could not go faster than 20 or 30 miles per hour. We drove along a place that looked like the road parallel to the MRT tracks at Eunos station and I finally turned right but somehow got lost and ended up driving into a pedestrian area underneath what looked kind of like White Sands mall at Pasir Ris and Junction 8 mall in Bishan mixed together. I was panicking trying to get out of the whole mass of pedestrians. We finally made it to the dinner place which looked kind of like the original house we left... We sat down to dinner and my parents told me to serve the wine but there was only a little bit left because I was drinking most of it on the way while driving slowly. 

23rd July 2024, Tuesday - Took the SOA Exam P with Greg today. I passed. Unfortunately Greg failed. I hope he doesn't feel too bad about it and can bounce back from this. Greg helped me move the big bookshelf and my desk (which I disassembled). I bought him dinner at Red Robin afterwards (because I said I would do so if I passed SOA Exam FM back in mid-June, which I did). 